1. paper
Paper is usually made from plant based sources and as such will biodegrade and is compostable.

2. plastic bottles
Plastic is made from petroleum, a product of oil, using heat and a catalyst to change the propylene into polypropylene, a substance not found in nature. PET is a polyester. Since these are unnatural products, not found in nature, there are no organisms capable of decomposing the material, so it will not degrade as does other plant and animal waste.

3. paper cups

Paper-based cups are usually lined with a membrane of polyethylene (plastic) to make them waterproof, but it means they are not recyclable alongside paper or cardboard, or biodegradable.


4. ball pen
All the disposable pens and refills, whose metal points contain toxic materials like lead, end up in landfills, waterways and in other places with the toxic contents ultimately trickling down to the soil and the groundwater table. 

Ball point pens also is made out of plastic which is non-biodegradable

5. plastic cups
A plastic cup is a cup made out of plastic. It is most commonly used as a container to hold beverages. Some are reusable while others are intended for a single use followed by recycling or disposal.

6. paper bowl
Paper-based bowls/cups are usually lined with a membrane of polyethylene (plastic) to make them waterproof, but it means they are not recyclable alongside paper or cardboard, or biodegradable.

7. plastic wrapper

plastic wrappers are non biodegradable. it is usually made for storing items and protecting the contents from getting soiled. plastics wrappers or plastic packaging is usually extremely wasteful and the majority of it are sent to landfills or disposed of into the environment.

8 - 9. plastic spoon/ fork

just like any other plastics, plastic forks/ spoon are non biodegradable as they take as much as 1000 years before decomposing.

10. newspaper
newspaper is usually made from plant based sources and as such will biodegrade and is compostable.

11. tetra pack

tetra Paks are made from 75% Paper, however, it has a lining of polyethylene and aluminium which makes it non-biodegradable.

12. yakult bottle
yakult bottles are made out of a plastic called  polystyrene resin which makes it non-biodegradable.

13. apple

apples can decompose easily. it is a biodegradable waste.

14. face mask
face makes are non-biodegradable. they should be disposed after use as they can spread diseases.

15. fruit foam net wrapper
fruit foam net wrappers are made out of styrofoam. styrofoam cannot degrade or break down even after a long period of time. styrofoam is a non biodegradable waste.